[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: To get
started with Typings,
really all you have to do this is,
you come in here in this terminal,
say Typings, and it,
just like everything else.
Obviously mine threw error,
it is already have it,
that's why through error and it was
just in this allows a flower here and
I think it gets this name from
your package .json and that's it.
And then as far as I can install
in typings, typings install and
then the name of the one
hat you wanna saw.
In this case let's say, node and then
save, I think it's actually gonna throw
an error, let me see.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so
this one threw an error, and that's
because node Is a ambient typing, as
I just found out ambient means that note
exposes other typings to other modules.
So, you have to do the ambient on it like
this.
>> Scott Moss: Which is what the error is
recommending.
>> Scott Moss: Yes,
that's the one that I want.
Thank you.
So once that installs,
it's going to take...oh there it is.
So notice boom, it put that in here for
me, just like a package adjacent.
So you should never be
writing to this file.
It's a live file.
Just like the package adjacent.
So I mean maybe there's some
things you have to write in here,
but maybe you said it once and you don't
write it again, but it's a live file.
It's going to be updated all the time.
So you'd never if you had the typings.
So now that we have this node here,
if you go into typings folder.
And we go into, what is it?
>> Speaker 2: I noticed for
you it got infinity tucked but
when I installed it,
it doesn't come through here at all.
>> Scott Moss: Where'd it come from?
>> Speaker 2: The rich street.
ET?
>> Scott Moss: It might
be pointed to the same thing,
eventually, but that's weird.
Like I said,
typing graphs from different places,
I don't know how it resolves which one
to graph first, but something like that.
So, here's the and here's a DTS file,
it's just a whole bunch of cryptic
TypeScript that defines how your Tooling
is going to support the framework or
the library or
the code that you're trying to use.
So, this is how our
lintern knows about node.
Somebody went and
wrote this deepest definition type file to
expose metadata about Node and
all its methods.
So, now I can get access
to that outside of here.
So, that's pretty much typings and you
can install anything you want, so if for
instance if you wanna install
a low dash with Node, and then,
maybe you want the typings for lodash you
should probably look it up in typings.
You can come up in here and
you can say typings search and
lodash.
>> Scott Moss: And
yeah, we have one,
it's lodash there it is.
Then you know that there's a typing
definition file for it, so
it's pretty cool.
Any questions on typings?
>> Scott Moss: Nope, nope.
Okay.
The other thing you have to do,
is you have to Set up.
>> Speaker 3: Hold up real quick.
We have a question.
>> Scott Moss: Yes?
>> Speaker 3: What's the command for
typing node and ambient?
>> James: I just got
it for him.
>> Scott Moss: Okay.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Boom.
>> Scott Moss: It was install node dash
dash ambient dash dash save.
>> Speaker 3: Thanks, James.
>> Scott Moss: There you go.
Cool and
then I do recommend
using obviously mine is.
Crutched right now, so.
But, I do recommend using the Linter.
The really cool thing about this is,
though,
there's this thing called ng2ling that
has specific Linter rules for Angular 2.
I highly recommend installing that and
telling your Linter about it,
which is what I'm doing here.
And then, you can expose these rules like,
for instance,
if you make a component, it must have
a selector name and it must be kabob case.
It's pretty legit.
I think that's really really cool and
stuff like that.
So these are specific to Angular 2
linting rules, which I think is amazing.
So, however your men are doing that.
But out the box, linter will work for
basic TypeScript,
this just gives us anchor to
linting abilities as well.
And then, of course, the pinnacle IDE you
have, you need to provide the appropriate
plugin for your linter, which is mostly
gonna come down to MPM installing.
Globally, tslint, which is mostly
what most of the lenses are based on.
So, make sure you have that globally
installed just like you would with eslint,
jscs, or jslint or whatever linter
you had, it's the same process.
Cool, and
the last thing It's the Tsconfig.
So, the compiler reads this and
maybe whatever plug in you might
have in your ID will also read this.
So, this is just telling it what to
do like for instance compileOnSave.
If you had TypeScripts running in sublime,
I know that plug in well.
If you set this as true like compile and
open up in any tab like here's your code,
don't want that every single time.
BuildOnSave, so this is just a way for you
to configure, because we're running it for
the command line,
we don't really need all this stuff.
We're not like transpiring
our code on the fly.
So, I just turn it all off and then,
here are the files that
We're telling theTSconfig or
the typescript compiler that we're
going to be using this file,
this glob of files and this file.
Obviously, we need to put in the other
typings that we install like node.
The stuff that I just installed
we will put in here too.
So, you need to put that stuff in here.
You can also just do a glob for
all your typings and you'll still be fine.
And then, if you don't really remember
all this, that's totally fine.
If you TSC globally you get this
nice TSC here that broke and
you can say "TSC dash dash
in net." I get an error
because I already have one but
if I didn't have one,
let's just remove and then run it again.
Boom, it will create one for you.
And yeah, very minimum but
yeah I don't create
one.
>> Scott Moss: So,
if you made it through all of that,
and you run it, let's see.
Hopefully, mine still works.
>> Scott Moss: So,
I just erased a lot of stuff.
A lot of confidence on myself right now.
>> Scott Moss: So,
if you made it through all of that,
looks like mine is working,
and you built this thing.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: [LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: So, mine doesn't work cuz I
just deleted a whole bunch of stuff and
did a lot of stuff But
yeah, you get the point.
What's going on here?
Why did it put it here?
I've messed mine up a lot so
that's the tour of the build system.
So, it's okay if you don't understand
everything, it's totally fine.
But at least you're familiar,
at least you know the moving parts,
you might not know what to do with them,
you might not know when to recognize or
what is happening, but you know the moving
part, you know what is involved.
So it won't be as like magic, so but
there are a lot of pieces, and like
I said these are like foundations of those
pieces in the we just add more to them.
Like more rules for rental more stuff for
webpack, more bundling,
more optimizing, all this other stuff,
so but, this is the foundation.
Most of the other stuff after this is
just adding plugins and stuff like that.
Cool?
Any questions?
>> Scott Moss: All right.
>> Speaker 2: Next item, hair tie.
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: I have one question for
you.
>> Scott Moss: Yes?
>> Speaker 2: Do you have a seed project
you recommend for this sort of stuff?
>> Scott Moss: A starter project for this?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, like a seed that you
would generally refer to.
>> Scott Moss: Actually I don't.
No, but
I could make one if that would help.
>> Speaker 2: No,
I was just wondering if
there was something.
No, I was just wondering if there
was something would usually
refer to just to make your life easier,
or if you would start that yourself?
>> Scott Moss: See, I'm kinda weird.
I usually start it myself,
until I'm really comfortable with it.
When it comes to build systems and stuff,
that's the one thing that I do over and
over and over again but then, everything
else I'm fine using the project for or
starter for.
But when it comes to build systems,
I don't know why.
I just feel like I have to do it,
because it's so unique to my project that
I'd rather just build it myself
than download somebody else's and
have to change it and
figure out why they did this and
erase this cuz I don't have the repo or
that folder.
So, I usually just do it myself but
that's just me.